doc: known_issues: Update known issues for Bluetooth (#3905)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v1-4-99-dev1 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> NCSDK-8224: Security changed and pairing failed callbacks are not always called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-8224: Callbacks for "security changed" and "pairing failed" are not always called
```

>   The pairing failed and security changed callbacks are not called when disconnected during the pairing procedure or required security was not met.

Reviewer: When what is disconnected?

Author: during the pairing procedure

Reviewer: Right, but **what** is disconnected?
"when the application is disconnected"? "when the connection between the devices is interrupted"?

Author: ```suggestion
  The pairing failed and security changed callbacks are not called when the connection has been disconnected during the pairing procedure or required security was not met.
```

Sorry, I misread your question. The connection is disconnected. :) 
The above suggestion matches the language for the disconnected callback:
 `/** @brief A connection has been disconnected.`

Reviewer: OK, thanks. :)
Let's go for this then:
```suggestion
  The pairing failed and security changed callbacks are not called when the connection is disconnected during the pairing procedure or the required security is not met.
```

>   **Workaround:** Application should use the disconnected callback in addition to handle pairing failed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Application should use the disconnected callback to handle pairing failed.
```

Author: Done.

.. rst-class:: v1-4-99-dev1 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> NCSDK-8223: GATT requests may deadlock RX thread
>   GATT requests may deadlock the RX thread when all TX buffers are taken by GATT requests and the RX thread tries to allocate a TX buffer for a response.
>   This is deadlocked because only the RX thread releases the TX buffers for the GATT requests.
>   The deadlock is resolved by a 30 second timeout but the ATT bearer cannot transmit without re-connecting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-8223: GATT requests might deadlock RX thread
  GATT requests might deadlock the RX thread when all TX buffers are taken by GATT requests and the RX thread tries to allocate a TX buffer for a response.
  This causes a deadlock because only the RX thread releases the TX buffers for the GATT requests.
  The deadlock is resolved by a 30 second time-out, but the ATT bearer cannot transmit without reconnecting.
```

>   The deadlock is resolved by a 30 second time-out, but the ATT bearer cannot transmit without reconnecting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The deadlock is resolved by a 30 second timeout, but the ATT bearer cannot transmit without reconnecting.
```

Reviewer 2: @ru-fu is it really "time-out"?

Reviewer: No, it's time-out according to our style guide.

Reviewer 2: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/timeout
vs
https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/time-out

"timeout" is the usual spelling in Computer Science AFAICT

Reviewer: https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/TECHDOC/List+of+terms%2C+abbreviations%2C+and+spelling+rules

Author: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/3905#discussion_r575053141 :) going with this one

>   **Workaround:** Set CONFIG_BT_L2CAP_TX_BUF_COUNT >= CONFIG_BT_ATT_TX_MAX + 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Set :option:`CONFIG_BT_L2CAP_TX_BUF_COUNT` >= :option:`CONFIG_BT_ATT_TX_MAX` + 2.
```
